fix(android): update todo sample app setup (#5038)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/start/sample-apps/android/todo-app.mdx

3. Follow the [instructions](/start/getting-started/generate-model) to generate model files.

4. Connect the project to the cloud by running the command:

   ```bash
   amplify push
   ```

>    Answer `No` to `? Do you want to generate code for your newly created GraphQL API`. Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.java` file which is only necessary when directly using the AWSAppSync SDK. When you're using Amplify API or Amplify DataStore, you'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate Java models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Answer `No` to `? Do you want to generate code for your newly created GraphQL API`. Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.java` file which is only necessary when directly using the AWS AppSync SDK. When you're using Amplify API or Amplify DataStore, you'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate Java models.
```
